---
# generated by https://github.com/magodo/terraform-plugin-framework-docs
page_title: "example_function_simple Function - examplecloud"
subcategory: "abc"
description: |-
  The summary.
---

# example_function_simple (Function)

!> This is deprecated.

The description.

## Example Usage

### Basic

The basic call.

```terraform
example_function_simple(...)
```

### Complete

The complete call.

```terraform
example_function_simple(...)
```

## Signature

```text
example_function_simple(bool Boolean,string String,number Number,int32 Int32,int64 Int64,float32 Float32,float64 Float64,dynamic Dynamic,list List of Strings,set Set of Strings,map Map of Strings,object Object,custom_string String,strings String...) Boolean
```

## Arguments

1. `bool` (Boolean, Nullable, Unknownable) A bool parameter.

	Validators:

	- Value must be "true".
1. `string` (String) A string parameter
1. `number` (Number) A number parameter
1. `int32` (Int32) A int32 parameter
1. `int64` (Int64) A int64 parameter
1. `float32` (Float32) A float32 parameter
1. `float64` (Float64) A float64 parameter
1. `dynamic` (Dynamic) A dynamic parameter
1. `list` (List of Strings) A list of string parameter.
1. `set` (Set of Strings) A set of string parameter.
1. `map` (Map of Strings) A map of string parameter.
1. `object` (Object) An object parameter. See the nested schema [here](#nested--object).
1. `custom_string` (String) A custom string attribute.

	-> A custom string type.
1. `strings` (String) The variadic string parameter.

<a id="nested--object"></a>
### Fields of `object`

- `bool` (Boolean) Description.
- `dynamic` (Dynamic) Description.
- `float32` (Float32) Description.
- `float64` (Float64) Description.
- `int32` (Int32) Description.
- `int64` (Int64) Description.
- `list` (List of Booleans) Description.
- `map` (Map of Booleans) Description.
- `number` (Number) Description.
- `object` (Object) Description. See the nested schema [here](#nested--object.object).
- `set` (Set of Booleans) Description.
- `string` (String) Description.

<a id="nested--object.object"></a>
### Fields of `object.object`

- `foo` (Boolean) A foo field.

## Return

This function returns a boolean indicating something.
